plugins(cors): add link to specification (#5141)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/cors/_index.md

### CORS Limitations

If the client is a browser, there is a known issue with this plugin caused by a

> limitation of the [CORS specification](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) that doesn't allow to specify a custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
limitation of the [CORS specification](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) that prevents specifying a custom
```
